we are in this video talking about  sexual identity we are talking about the  meaning of life how to have a meaningful  life and how to have a meaningful life  in which you're not living in a cave and  bittered alone self-hating how to have a  meaningful life as a member of society  even if it's a society you despise even  if it's a society that despises you  and for a lot of us if we're really  being honest  sure  a huge component of that is your sexual  status it is your sexual life it may  just be the one person you sit down and  marry with it maybe your plan was to  have just one person sit up down and  marry with and you end up divorced you  end up a widow  life's full of uh surprises but sure you  know who it is you love and who loves  you who it is you respect and who loves  you how you fit into any particular  society one of the most tangible aspects  one of the most important aspects one of  the most painful aspects  has to do with sexual identity sexual  status and if any of you are having  difficulty visualizing what i mean  how would you feel  if you had to migrate to pakistan right  now  and live in pakistan permanently for  rest of your life  there were people who were born and  raised in pakistan watching this video  who will nevertheless know exactly what  i'm talking about your status in  pakistani society right it's going to  have everything to do with who you're  married to like if you're a woman  married to a man or a man whoever you  are watching this video male or female  right away you can visualize okay i get  married into this family  these are my in this is my extended  family in pakistan right  everything when you go to the market to  buy vegetables when you go to the  dentist right it's like it's not just  about sex it's not just about the  difference between getting laid and not  getting laid having a social circle of  friends and being forever alone or  feeling like an insider and feeling like  an outcast right your  sexuality  sadly tragically right  it it both  reflects  you know how you fit into society as a  whole and it also is how you fit into  society as a whole now pakistan is is  one thing  i've i've been to university i am a  university graduate i have also  been  back  to university  i i could go back again i'm not planning  to right i've i've gone back  some of you know  it's a lot like pakistan  like like you can understand  my  situation in this university how i fit  into the microcosm the tiny miniature  society of the university quite quickly  and easily by discussing my sexuality  right  who loves me  who respects me how do people treat me  and who are the people i actually  live my life with and know for some  other guy  that might have everything to do with  getting drunk and hanging out at a bar  and being in a dorm room or something  and for me right it might have to do  with going to the library you know for  real real thought you know  it's not one answer it's not one simple  pattern that explains how you fit in the  site or how you fail the fitness how you  reject it but yeah what i'm hinting at  here is  no matter how relentlessly shallow the  discourse about in seldom and the  alternatives to in zelda are on the  internet no matter how shallow the  discourse about the black pill the red  pill and the white pill may be i don't  regard this as shallow and i'm not going  to talk about it in a shallow way well  say this even if you think it's a  shallow problem  the solutions we get into  are really quite profound i'm going to  play you a clip of a uh  another youtuber youtuber very different  guy for myself very different  perspective on life very different  philosophy a guy called wheat waffles  why he chose that name i i can't tell  you  and  notice what wheat waffles is doing here  in my response to this i'm going to talk  about sexuality  but  i'm also going to talk about  atheism i'm also going to talk about  nihilism i'm going to talk about the  negation  of the prevalent and defining beliefs in  your sight the definitive beliefs in  your society how we how we live with  that  um before i play this clip so just so  that you're thinking of this as you as  you hear it for the first time let me  just say  let if you have a friend who's a  complete redneck a complete bumpkin  and he says to you honestly so you  become friends at work you work at a gas  station together or something he's just  getting to know you and he says to you  look he grew up in the okapanoki swamp  he grew up in the back woods or  something you know he says look you know  i've never really met an atheist before  i've never really messed you know like  can you tell me what life's over he says  to you i can't even imagine like what  your life is like because he's grown up  totally in the church and surrounded by  church people and so on that's that's  been his life i've i've never really had  that conversation off i've actually seen  it on camera thanks to youtube i've seen  some people having like well-intentioned  conversations that where the the people  who are really religious are saying they  can't really imagine what life would be  like religion well probably the easiest  and laziest way for you to express what  your life is like  is to describe the world as if the  religious experience is life in its  totality and then within that subset  right  to describe the things that you negate  so you could say to someone who's a  devout christian out of the backwoods  out of the out of the okapenong oh  okapanoki swamp right you can say to  this dude from the swamp well you know  my life is a lot like yours  except  i'm not homophobic like i'm cool with  gay people  um  i'm not gay myself but  wouldn't be a big deal if i gave it a  try sometime at a swingers party like  whatever you can say whatever you want  to say about that my life is a lot like  yours except  i'm not afraid of going to hell after i  die  you know you can you can negate  some particular things you know my  life's like yours i don't feel guilty  about looking at porn or masturbating  like these are the differences between  between me like i'm taking your life as  you know it this subset of what's really  possible and what's really meaningful in  life the life you're already living and  then i'm just negating  things within it right that's the easy  way that's the lazy way to get across to  someone who's christian someone who's  muslim or someone who's like an orthodox  jew  what your life is like as an atheist and  consciousness  the greater challenge is to get them to  realize hey this is the life you're  living  and this is what life can be and this is  what it really is that actually my life  as an atheist or my life as a nihilist  right you're living in a very narrow  you know  your whole life  takes place  in this kind of narrow slice this tiny  subset of what's possible  what's thinkable what's meaningful  what's actual for someone like me the  reality is you're living a life where  you're negating all the time  all the things that i am  open-minded to the things that i embrace  the things that i experience the things  that are thinkable for me but are  unthinkable for you things that are  imaginable for me that are imaginable  for you that actually what's wonderful  about my life as an atheist or as a  nihilist is something  you  as a true believer  can't imagine  yet  it's a very different kind of negation  it's much harder to get across it's much  harder to deal with face to face and  we're assuming you like this guy we're  assuming this guy's your co-worker at  the gas station or whatever i know maybe  you guys are in the in the paratrooper  unit in the army or something together  some reason why you guys get along and  he's trying to understand your your  perspective okay so i'm setting you up  for it this way and now you can start to  imagine  if you want to contrast your view of the  world to someone who has the in-cell  mentality right  are you going to work within their view  of the world just negate things within  that subset or are you going to try to  give them that broader  view and again i realize the term open  minded in english it almost suggests a  kind of stupid unsophisticated naivete  right but we're talking about  open-mindedness here in a sense uh  frankly i don't have the words for i  don't have the idiom for english  language  in fact in relation to this last one  identity beliefs i have a great example  from my own experiences showing this  a couple years ago i used to work at  this vegan restaurant and there was an  extremely attractive girl who worked  there soon enough i found out she was  currently dating one of the male  employees who also worked there this was  to my utmost surprise because no  disrespect but this man was at least 2-3  points less attractive than her they  weren't even close to being on the same  level at first i tried to rationalize in  my head how this could be possible then  suddenly i remembered a conversation  i've had previously with another girl  who was also vegan in this conversation  i recall her saying never in a million  years would she ever date a man who  isn't vegan so back to the restaurant i  figured this must be an identical case  at hand  later i did some research and found  vegan women out to number men three to  one so based on this ratio if we assume  the majority of vegans only want to date  others who share the same beliefs as  them they'll inevitably be an imbalance  working in men's favor an attractive  woman may have no choice but to date a  lower smv man if she finds all her looks  matches are already taken  anyway that's point three and now i've  got these out the way now is a good time  to press the like button and leave any  thoughts you have in the comments below  [Music]  [Laughter]  so a number of different things to  respond to here i'm gonna i'm gonna get  rid of the shallow ones first actually  before i get into the more more profound  critique so this guy's whole approach  you will notice  depends on an assumption of a  um presumed to be objectively real scale  from one to ten  you know for how attractive people are  and it is somewhat hilarious to me if  you've watched any of his videos he  gives examples of people like who we  consider it's his own judgment who is a  seven eight nine and ten i was like what  are you talking about that woman you  have is a seven she's a she's a ted  she's better looking than the woman you  have like where does this come from how  do you think this is an objectively real  judgment like all the time just for me  and that in that moment you responded  away so this is already one warning is  how you know how is it you create in  your mind these utterly self-serving  subjective judgments and then and try to  scientize them right try to render them  into a kind of pseudo-scientific belief  or fiction this is a significant danger  in life obviously it's not just in this  province  we talk about this all the time so many  people convince themselves that they  have a biochemical imbalance in their  brain that their subjective feelings  from moment to moment they feel slightly  depressed they feel slightly cranky they  feel slightly anxious and oh no you know  it's it's not just that they're lazy  it's not just that they're depressed  they're miserable they're inaudible you  know there's a million reasons to feel  this way it's not just that you had a  fight with your mom this morning or you  spent eight hours playing video games  yesterday maybe you feel like crap today  because you spent all day playing video  games yesterday no  no no it's uh it's a disease you can  take a pill for and my point is people  buy into uh pseudoscientific totally  sweet generous subjective notions based  on feeling  right and they start to believe these  things are objectively real and  quantifiable so this guy he's completely  committed to the idea that he can judge  the difference between someone who's a  seven eight kind of  both both women and men he believes in  his own judgment this way now on a  pragmatic level  my my argument against this is you say  no everyone is either a 0 or a 10. now i  think you can come up with other  criteria but the grass sharing and the  criteria i think matters to you the most  how you live your life is am i willing  to risk  my dignity  to go over and ask this person to have a  cup of coffee with me am i willing to do  that for whatever combination of reasons  and it can be completely intellectual it  can be you meet someone and you think  they're intelligent you think they're  interesting and you're like wow i want  to ask them out for a cup of coffee  obviously it could just be physical  attraction it could be something else  very often it's a combination of  cultural factors you perceive this as a  sophisticated person as an interesting  person but you are willing  to risk [ __ ] up your own life to ask  this person to go to coffee with you yes  no it's a binary right if the answer is  yes you're going to put on the line  you're going to risk the humiliation and  there are many ways people can humiliate  you today they can you can ask someone  at the coffee and then they can  immediately go on twitter and say can  you believe this guy just asked me out  the cop  different consequences uh this could  address some trivial some some not so  true feel you know sorry like i used to  we already mentioned the example of a  university campus  what if this person makes a complaint to  you like oh my god this guy was hitting  on me and asked me to go and no matter  how reasonable  you were  someone else can give an unreasonable  description of what happened and now  you're sitting in the principal's office  now you're dealing with you know you  could be dealing with a restraining  order bill got horrible consequences  from taking this risk but sure the most  common thing you're risking is just your  own embarrassment just your own loss of  dignity just feeling bad about yourself  because you get rejected or the person  is just perplexed they just don't get it  like you know there's different ways  they can respond uh negatively or  disappoint that and here say something  something i have more experience with  because i i don't have a lot of  experience injection what i've  experienced with is you ask the person  out to coffee and then the minute you're  sitting down and drink coffee with them  you're like oh i regret this  where the person does go on a date with  you and you're like oh my god you're  really stupid you're a really horrible  person that different kinds of regret so  i'm just saying for your own sanity in  your own life i think you've got to live  by this credo that everyone is either a  uh  a zero or a ten now  getting into the deeper aspect of this  and you see this is a way to refute  the incel worldview  from within  okay within your narrow view of the  world which is really you know closing  the door on this much broader range of  meaningful experiences in life the  things you can experience things you can  do  there are all kinds of things that are  unthinkable to you that are thinkable to  me there are there are possibilities and  things you can do in your life you can't  imagine and that i can  i can imagine them and then i can also  go and do them you can't right because  of this in-cell view you're committed to  but if i just want to take the lazy  route and i want to refute your view  from within  okay  so you have admitted  that there are beautiful women  who will be interested in me as a man  because they're committed  to the ethos  of veganism veganism  you know as a world view whatever  because of this ideological commitment  in plain english would you say it's a  political  commitment  right  so what you're saying is  what people believe in what people are  interested in  what they care about  who they are  intellectually and ethically  matters more  than physical appearance  hmm  so you have just completely refuted  the black pill view of the world you  have just completely refuted  the red pill  view of the world without even realizing  that's what you've done  you've only admitted  that it's true  for vegans  and the only other example he gives  doesn't go into he actually gives a  christian cross  he just suggests this will be true for  religious people  okay  guess what  it's true  for everybody  all right everybody is committed to  something  right it may be much more despicable  than veganism i knew a woman you got if  you've been watching my channel long  enough you know exactly who i'm talking  about i knew a woman who was 110  mormon like she wasn't just an average  mormon she was one of the people who  took the time out of her out of her life  to go on vacation and visit the  different places the mormon prophet had  like go and visit the holy sites she was  like 110 true believer enthusiastic  mormon she made youtube videos talking  about the fact that there were several  men who wanted to marry her  and she rejected them because they  weren't mormon enough they weren't pious  enough they didn't believe what she  believed she had better options and she  went with this schlemiel instead  and guess what  she later lost her faith i'm saying the  guy's a schlemiel because she  she said some things in the internet  publicly um they i forget if they  actually got legally divorced  but they split up for quite some time  and  she let us all know she wasn't happy  with their religion anymore she wasn't  happy with the man anymore that she that  she'd settled down with sad story sad  story right okay not everyone  is vegan  not everyone is  mormon right but everybody is  something  including  most pathetically of all  you guys who are video game addicts  right  like you know think about it what do you  spend more hours of the day doing  playing video games or me being vegan  like how many hours a day does being  vegan take out of my life compared to  you playing  the elder scrolls or  or rainbow seven  or  or counter-strike stop whatever this  game is you're playing right  how many hours  does that take out of your life compared  to my commitment to veganism or even  someone who's really a religious mormon  how much time and effort do you think  they're putting into prayer they're  putting into the work of being a mormon  like it's might be a couple minutes out  of the day might be a couple hours out  of the day but like your commitment to  playing video games as a video game is  huge so i was having a conversation with  melissa just yesterday that reminded me  of this girl i'd forgotten about this  girl we were talking about something  totally different so i'm saying girl  said she was like 21 young woman you  know  but i remember there was this young  woman in my classes at university and  she was she was attractive and she was  nice we had some conversations  and she'd come to class wearing this  really nerdy  video game addict  merchandise you know and i was saying  was i can't even remember what video  games there were it was really nerdy  stuff it was like pokemon you know she'd  have a  like 21 year old woman and she'd have  like the backpack where the whole  backpack is pikachu and again i don't  even recognize all the video game  characters right but like really nerdy  really dorky video game like a button  and the mur like the the shirt the  sweatshirt and the reason i mentioned  melissa was  i remember how negatively i reacted to  that right and like it's not a big deal  like normally i'd be sitting there  reading my book or doing like i'm  sitting there taking notes from like i'm  busy and i just kind of look up and  notice her she's sitting down next to me  or coming into the room saying oh  but still in that half second  i think  you are a loser like what the [ __ ] is  wrong that's our reactor like in that  second right  and what was saying to melissa yesterday  was  there must be so many women who react  that way to men like the men don't even  realize it like you know and again sorry  that girl like  i liked her she was a nice person like i  just liked talking to her we talked  about miss miscellaneous stuff right  like i have reasons to be positively  inclined towards her  but still like oh my god like in that  moment you're like what is wrong  it's just the sense of like disgust and  revulsion right now look it's that's the  genders being what they are with me  being male and her being female to a  much greater extent right women are  going to be reacting to negatively men  who are video games but of course there  are some women who are going to react to  you negatively because they see that  you're a bible thumping christian like  they were sophisticated urban  uh agnostic or atheist kind of woman and  they see you there with your with your  bible or where you may be wearing a  t-shirt or something that identifies the  christianity that way they some women  are going to react negatively to being  vegan some women would react negatively  to you being muslim or hindu or some  other religion too right like whichever  category you're in whichever camp you've  signed up to women can respond  negatively and reject you for that  reason but sure the video game thing  most of all and the reason why i'm  giving this example is right  how many guys at that university when  they saw that that girl because she was  attractive she was good looking  how many guys were like desperate to  seduce her and responded really  positively because they're like here's  the one girl who will accept me because  i'm a video game addict too right how  many guys like came up like hey wow is  that a pokemon sapphire backpack that's  that's really great you know hey i'm on  level 75 of pokemon sapphire what what  are you like you know there must have  been guys like who outnumber me like  there must be like a hundred guys at the  university who see that she's a good  looking and just a nice person generally  there's just nothing wrong with her um  like you know she was some women like  you can be really mean or cruel or  something this nice person have a  conversation with how many guys are  gonna see  this is my one chance at love  with someone who will accept me in the  same way that like you're mormon  and meeting someone else who's also  mormon like they're compatible with me  with my beliefs right so let's let's  fill it out here  they're compatible with who i am  intellectually they're compatible with  who i am ethically right that that  really matters and this dude who  identifies wheat waffles he identifies  as the most cynical black pill  extremist where he's saying all that  matters is your appearance how handsome  your face is how good your body is for  both men and women that's what it all  comes down to right but he's inserted  this exception  for  vegans and in this sense  we're all vegans everyone's a vegan he  says vegans will lower their standards  like a vegan woman will be able to be  with a relative relatively ugly guy  because he's vegan also because  ethically because intellectually right  because in terms of interests they're on  the same page and what i'm saying to you  is in this sense  everyone's a vegan even if you don't  know it yet you're committed to  something you're interested in something  and that matters to you more than these  differences in cells obsess over like  the exact shape of your brow ridge the  exact shape of your nose the exact shape  of your chin  um you're willing to fall in love with  someone whose nose is twice as big or  whose nose is half as big whose jaw is  slightly less appealing or more  appealing right if you just turn around  and think about it inversely you'll know  how true that is if i present you with  the most beautiful woman in pakistan  but she's a conservative muslim and in  order to be with her you have to get  along with her and her whole extended  family like you're going to have to  become a conservative muslim too you're  going to have to join in that whole  social circle and adopt her values and  she's going to raise your kids  with her set of  beliefs principles right  all of a sudden you start getting real  sensitive to the incompatibilities  between you no matter how how attractive  she is right so that's refuting  the in-cell mentality black mentality  red pill mentality from within and it's  already hard enough but i'm saying  that's the easy way that's the easy road  okay don't melissa do you wanna i can i  can read comments in the audience none  of you have hit thumbs up because you're  cowards you're afraid to hit thumbs up  with a video that has in-cell in the  title  you've got 30 35 people in the audience  approx and only eight thumbs up because  you're terrified of where this  conversation is going to go next oh if  you guys have something intelligent to  say now's the time to type it out and  say cause i'll pay attention but this is  not gonna be a long live stream gonna  wrap it up melissa you anything you  wanna you wanna add on the mic no it's  just i i totally relate to  the topic right of course  if you and i were not together i would i  would be uh hard-pressed to find another  vegan that  you know  i'd be interested in  so this this relationship is an example  too now okay um just to briefly digress  again the one to ten scale it's a  totally self-serving function  you want to say  i'm not saying nowhere in the world but  i'm just saying like  oh yeah  finding a vegan man the struggle is real  oh of course of course  doubt um  okay there are people who write to me  as if i'm a two out of ten and melissa  is a 10 out of 10. there are people who  are like no seriously like there were  some people who perceive us that we're  like geez man like you're old and ugly  and how did you get with this hot chick  like there were people that's how they  perceive us  but trust me there are people who write  to me and see it the other way around  like as if melissa is a two out of ten  and i'm a ten out of ten there have  always been people writing into the  channel men and women who are like dude  you have options like why do you gotta  be with this chick you could be with and  you know  what i don't even have to fill in all  the blanks you have all these other  options right now my point here is not  to say one side or the other is right  it's to emphasize how subjective  those judgments are okay but let me tell  you so whether or not you think i'm a  catch doesn't matter it's really  subjective to some women i am a 10 out  of 10 and that's how that's what my  experience has been in life like when  you look at the criteria these guys use  for what it means to be an eight out of  ten what it means to be attentive down  like the criteria they use are like like  if you're an eight  women will cold approach you out of the  blue  and like if you're a 10 women will cold  approach you  even when they're already married to  someone else like risking their marriage  and [ __ ] up their whole they'll take  risks like to ruin their life to try to  try to be so well that's been my  experience my whole life  now i'm not saying all women treat me  that way but like all my life teenager  20s 30s 40s like they're of like the  criteria these guys are using right  i've had that experience all my life and  like to me this is all meaningless at  the same time how many million or  billion women are there who find me  totally unattractive but to some women  i'm a ten that's my point is that it's  really subjective right  um  and those women too right like it's the  same thing so we're just talking about  really briefly but like i can sympathize  with the position they're in there are  these women okay let's say it's a woman  who's vegan and an intellectual  and all her life she's want to be with a  guy who's a vegan intellectual let's say  also cares about politics like that's  what she wants just hypothetical right  and she's married to a guy  who watches football on tv every night  for two and a half hours he watches  football and then he watches the  football news  espn sports center and she's sitting  there every day thinking this is not  what i wanted my life to be like this  guy eats meat in front of me he drinks  alcohol in front of me and watches the  sport like she's just sitting there  every day thinking this isn't what i  went to college for like like you know  and maybe the guy's hot maybe he's a  great like maybe that's why she chose  him maybe he's really attractive guy and  every day she's ringing her hands  thinking wishing she could get with a  guy like me like it's tragic it's  horrible and that that's just a woman  who's perceiving me for it i am because  i am i'm vegan i'm intellectual i care  about that's true but you have to  realize women also fantasize like there  are women who will look at me and  whatever their three criteria are they  will imagine that i i satisfy the crutch  and like it ain't me babe it's just made  up in their own head  so that that's the other thing is  whatever actual redeeming qualities you  have as a man if a woman likes you or is  interested in you she can just totally  make up in our own mind what what  so that's you know my view of it is i  don't think the zero to ten scale or the  one to ten scale i don't think it's real  i don't think i don't think it exists  um  but look  suppose someone asked the question we're  gonna ask both ways someone asked the  question  how is it possible for me to get with a  woman who's so much more attractive than  i am like someone who perceives it like  i'm a two a two out of ten melissa's a  ten out of ten so it's okay so how did  you pull this off like how did i seduce  her how did i make her fall in love okay  legit question unless someone else  simultaneously again i've had people say  this kind of stuff someone asked  questions okay well how did how did  melissa seduce you how did this girl  who's only a two out of ten seduced guys  okay so both both perspectives exist and  both are totally subjective and kind of  unreal though both both perspectives  they'll reflect something about the  person making the judgment you know like  that's that's what it's going to reflect  um  okay i can tell you right now  the way melissa seduced me  is that she read my [ __ ] essays  she read my written  work  period  so like there were so many hot chicks at  my university including women in their  30s sorry this is canada university is  cheap here unlike the united states it's  got generation generation x gamer in the  united  st you know tuition here  universities are crap but  your whole life would have been  different if you went to a country where  tuition was cheap as opposed to the  united states of america where  everything's fifty thousand dollars a  hundred thousand dollars it's ridiculous  okay but in canada because it's canada  you meet people in the thirties stuff  it's not all it's not all young people  on campus um  okay and there were there were women  who hit on me the women university the  women who wanted me on the university  campus right  did a single one of those women  read my work and then come up to me and  talk to me about my my written work like  my publisher  never  now look i'm not saying  now some woman's gonna watch this video  and try to seduce me on some woman's oh  i figured out the combination to the  safe  right i'm just saying that's going to  get you a cup of coffee with me it  doesn't mean we're going to get married  or fall in love but oh okay but like  think about  implicitly  what qualities those women were lacking  because they didn't do that now each  woman is a totally different story not  generalizing here but yes at this  university there were women who worked  out at the gym probably three days a  week right and they wore skin tight yoga  pants to class university every day  like different universities here but  you were surrounded by spandex at the  university of victoria at that time  doesn't matter it's freezing cold  spandex you know bare midriff in zero  degrees that's universal victoria the  girls they're there to compete so  they're all these women who work on  their body and wear spandex right  and a lot of those women it has never  occurred to them oh if you want a high  quality man if you want a man who  satisfies your criteria for what you're  looking for you might have to read a  book  you might have to read his book you  might have to read the essay he  published and then think about how easy  it would be for a woman like that to  approach me woman could walk up to me  like i've never noticed her she's been  in class i never [ __ ] noticed her she  noticed me walk up and say hey you know  i read your your essay about like  communism in china but the history of of  comedy yeah man that's you know oh okay  let's have coffee and then whatever i  mean once you have coffee  maybe nothing's well like but okay but  this is my point the point is not okay  this is the combination of safe  like  there are qualities  melissa already had implicitly that led  her to do that and that were  demonstrated by that like it's not like  you could just take some other girl and  talk her through the technique cynically  of how to seduce me and that she can  then read the essay and and get into bed  with me it's not like that right like  who she is was demonstrated just by the  fact that she read that before she  talked to me and then we had a  conversation about it right like there  were  and again we had a super high commitment  relationship and put years of our work  so on and so forth right now having  explained it that way so much like i  feel like i don't have to say a whole  lot about flipping around the other way  obviously like okay melissa does find me  attractive we are totally sexually  compatible she is attracted to me  on a carnal lust shallow level as it  happens if you think she's crazy  write a book about it what can i tell  you  but she does she is one of the women not  all women me trying to she is one of the  women who finds me uh physically  attractive okay  but  obviously right there's something  similar there where there are qualities  i have there are characteristics i have  that are demonstrated i mean veganism is  kind of like the smallest of them there  are all kinds of guys who are vegan for  the wrong reasons she would not have  been interested so look you would have  never been attracted to john venus  john venus was vegan at the time he's a  bodybuilder right he's the wrong kind of  vegan right he's not an intellectual  he's not smart of you you would have  never been attracted to vegan gains to  richard never vegan vegan for the wrong  way is wrong you know what i mean no we  could do a whole list like there were so  many vegan youtubers  like and you it's not that you could  have had a crush on them  right you know joey carve strong there  you go right and a lot of these guys  they may be they may be like objectively  better looking than me like in some like  they you know if you're just doing it  that way right but the point is so for  melissa she did read my written work but  even obviously what she could see on  youtube like who i am is being is being  demonstrated here so yeah she knew  i was exactly what she was looking for  in a whole bunch of different ways you  can make a long list of the  characteristics right and for me just  that one thing because melissa didn't  have a youtube channel i couldn't watch  her videos listen right  and guys sorry again i'm not this is not  bragging  but the reality of my life for like  about two years before melissa came into  it there were a lot of women coming at  me a lot  and  a lot of those women not all they they  had a youtube channel  or a podcast or they at least had  instagram or something where you can see  their life you can get to know something  about them and again a lot of these  women they were very attractive  but you can see well  this is a woman who's never going to  read  my written work never gonna read my book  never gonna read my essay  and if she does like if you drag her  into it right never gonna appreciate it  never understand so brief digression on  that but a deep one  a lot of these guys including wheat  waffles himself so this video is partly  a critique of we models um  they speak really positively about  geomaxing right  they speak really positively about  flying away to thailand and then trying  to get married to a woman there right  now it's also interesting that they  primarily use thailand as an example  what about malaysia what about indonesia  what about saudi arabia what about  pakistan but even what about japan what  about communist china right what about  ukraine right now right it's what about  russia you know  and  on a deep level this fantasy that a  better life is available for them by  marrying a woman in in thailand it's  based on the assumption  that the woman  is going to change everything in her  life for you she's going to completely  conform to who you are and that you  aren't going to change your life for her  now i've met all kinds of white guys who  married thai women cambodian women  lotion women i've known some of them  known for years and stuff  okay you go to thailand  you learn the thai language you start  getting drunk with her father and her  uncle like you guys sit down and drink  together you start watching different  sports and listening to different music  and you sit and watch tv with her mom  while her mom is weaving  you have dinners again with her mom or  dad her brothers  and you know her brother  maybe an alcoholic and her brother maybe  this maybe that you got to get along  with her brother  you are integrated into an extended  family whether that's in thailand laos  cambodia or whatever  it  changes you my dude  and all kinds of things um  yeah yeah yeah so gen x gamer has some  experience with thailand i was wondering  if you'd see me in thailand i'm going  back to thailand bro i thought we  thought we'd meet up there  that'd be an interesting trip a video  collab between uh belacio and gen x  gamer in thailand but apparently it's  not on your schedule  he's mentioned what he's what he's doing  next couple months anyway um  you know okay if you think this won't  change you it does including things like  video games including like shallow  habits that may actually mean a lot to  you like your life may revolve around  playing video games if you don't admit  it yourself and your life may revolve  around being a mormon or being a  christian or you know or being a vegan  and you you're making a choice there  where you're actually sacrificing a lot  to marry into  a thai culture and i think you can  repeat this for most for most uh culture  around the world so yeah um  [Music]  that  fantasy  i think this speaks a really dangerous  delusion that frankly leads men to just  lower their standards  like so again okay again not boasting  the women who were  trying to seduce me  immediately before i got with melissa  and there have been women after i got  with my like there have been women more  recently than that  um  was melissa the most attractive woman  who hit on me on this like scale of one  to ten no  no there were there were better looking  women okay  but my sex life is not about sleeping  with the most attractive woman possible  with the best looking woman possible  with the highest social market value  it's not  right  my sex life  is about  my life  it's about leading a meaningful life  24 hours a day  seven days a week  and like obviously my sex life the woman  in love with the woman i'm living with  is only a part of that okay i'm gonna be  a little bit vague here  um i don't think any of these women  would mind me talking with them okay  were there women who were literally  models working as models yes were there  women who  like were more broadly something more  like a a dancer  uh  uh an actress like who did some modeling  but you know was a little yes you know  uh were there women who were youtubers  of course you know um but but some of  the most attractive women were none of  those things like they were women who  had a normal job but they were  as good-looking as a professional yes  okay  but  this is the thing  sex  you know you can't look at it with just  a single stage of analysis it's not  something that happens in a mirror it's  not about uh it's not about hiring a  model  to promote your brand of soap if i've  got a new brand of soap i'm trying to  sell  you just hire the model the best looking  person who's going to make people want  to buy that brand of soap i get that i'm  looking for the person i'm going to go  to sleep with i'm going to talk to you  before i go to sleep the night person  i'm going to have a meaningful  conversation with over breakfast in the  morning person where i'm gonna ask what  are you reading and i'm interested in  the book she's reading and what she has  to say about it and her perspective even  if i disagree with her that we have an  interesting disagreement  about the book she's reading and yes  there were better looking women who came  at me but none of them offered me that  right and the point is vice versa tons  of women this is what they're looking  for in a man even if they can't  fully eloquent they can't fully  articulate they can't explain to you  what these criteria are what the red  flags are and what the green flags are  that  you know guide their lives and their  their choices this way i'm sorry i was  thinking about this the other day in  reference to the gym  so just shout out one other in-cell uh  uh youtuber this guy declined  so decline is this really depressed  really down bad uh youtube incel  and he's been making the effort now he's  saying he's going to take steroids even  he's going to the gym he's trying to  become muscular he's trying to become  fit that's his way out of his depression  his self-hating in-cell path in life and  obviously  a lot of viewers are just happy for him  that he's now positive motivated to try  to improve his life in in some way  but like when you take the intellectual  and ethical component out of it  once you start really spending time in  the gym and i could see this a lot in  high school  there were guys in my high school gym  this is also true as a middle-aged man  at the gym it's true at every gym but in  high school i remember really seeing  this there were guys in high school who  were way more muscular than me who were  much more of the chad  stereotype than me  and  a lot of these guys were italian  a lot of them were hispanic  uh  in my i didn't know black guys in that  category just in my particular cohort or  whatever i did know a lot of black guys  in high school i knew black guys who  watched star trek i knew some black guys  who were you know the the nerd  stereotype just saying not all not all  people fit this kind of stare at that  but you know um  but like you got a good looking italian  guy handsome face muscular works out of  the gym plays sports watches sports on  tv  and i remember the girls so we're all  the same age in high school  they were afraid of those guys  those guys were trouble  and they were a lot of them were violent  a lot of them were really struggling  with  violent issues violent tendencies you  know i don't know why i don't know it's  because their parents beat them as a kid  i know it's because they're getting into  fist fights with other guys i don't know  like you know you have to know them more  personally but they were guys who were  unhinged violent  already drinking alcohol already have  problems like at that time was mostly  alcohol and cigarettes you know maybe  marijuana like in high school you're not  yet dealing with cocaine or not at my  high school you know what i mean not yet  the more serious drugs but like you  could really see there were women who  like even if i am half as attractive oh  wait sorry the other thing you said with  these guys  they couldn't have a conversation with  you like they really spoke in sentence  fragments and this is high school it  does get a bit different from the middle  age guys in the gym they're a little a  little bit better spoken a lot of guys  in high school are very inarticulate all  they know how to do is play video games  they watch sports on tv they lift  weights they do the bare minimum on  their tests at school like that's their  whole life right this is the the hunk in  high school that's we used to say hunk  now people say chad you know but that  was that and girls were afraid of them  and kind of revolted by them  and  like a lot of women were throwing  themselves at me at that time i was so  young like looking for part of the story  i'm still a virgin you know and i was  very selective of what girls was  interested in i mean part of this i'm a  virgin and then then i wasn't anymore  but i was not easy um yeah i saw with a  very small number of women in high  school and university but there are  these women throwing themselves at me  and like  at this age the women like sir we're all  not we're all young we're all naive they  probably don't  they haven't really thought through what  they're looking for or why yet right but  they just feel comfortable talking to me  i would talk to them the same way i  talked to a guy i wasn't hitting on them  it wasn't for him they would feel safe  they would feel like this is a guy who's  not going to beat them up who's not  going to get unhinged and fly off the  handle and slap them around this guy is  not going to get drunk and get out of  control like like the things implicitly  they're looking for so if this guy  declined if you start spending more time  at the gym what he's going to find is  there are a lot of really good looking  guys with a lot of muscle  and women reject them women reject them  too and those guys yes they may be able  to have some one-night stands they may  have this they may have that they may  have other advantages in life but there  are a lot of guys and i'm sorry there  are i don't i don't want to even  describe these guys because it'll reveal  who they are because of youtube well  partly partly because the way i live my  life i've known quite a few male  bodybuilders i've had male bodybuilders  who are my friends and talk to me  and dude they're i've known these male  bodybuilders and their sex has been  horrible it's been horrible for decades  uh so one guy just came this totally  anonymous but i remember him saying that  for like 10 he was vegan he's a vegan  bodybuilder and he was he had a very  handsome face i would you know i would  say he's basically a 10 whatever but you  know it's it's subjective but he said  the only woman who'd sleep with him  would be married women just having a  one-night stand with him cheating on  their husband he couldn't get any kind  of meaning for election these women were  staying away from him and  you know probably some of these other  factors were there he was he was a bit  of a stereotypical  uh  stereotypical dumb guy who have a  comment from the audience quote you want  to change the title of this video too in  cell phone with facts and logic  [Laughter]  so babe do you wanna do you wanna jump  in you wanna say anything now so you  just have a thoughtful spurs in your  face i mean welcome yeah  yeah it's up to you just  were you yeah we're in the middle of  you're talking about this guy at the gym  i'm always in the middle okay sure well  yeah i was just gonna say i think what  the guy at the gym doesn't realize is  and what he'll start to meet face to  face are other guys who are in great  shape guys who are very attractive but  who still have all these uh problems or  more and worse here's come a little bit  closer to so go your  yeah  yeah i guess what i've been thinking  about um the last few minutes um  was just a conversation that we had  recently about  what people think of their romantic  relationships but um also friendships in  terms of um what you need in your life  so  now you were talking about some women  that were interested in you prior to us  getting together  um  i was thinking you know  what you said about  my sex life being my life you know it's  not just about um  my sex life it's also about  how does this person play into my life  and how can i play a role in their lives  um  so  i won't name names but like you know  it's just  how many people  really can  be a part of your life  in that way like how many people right  involved with something like in a  specific location  that  keeps them there like you know whether  it's a family issue whether it's  uh their job is location specific like  you know um maybe you'll find somebody  maybe there'll be somebody online who  like  uh for all these ethical reasons like  you you have things in common but like  they can't leave and you can't go there  um you know i just think that's that's  yes those kinds of constraints yeah and  um  also yeah just this idea of  uh  what do they need and what do you need  and and um how is this going to be  something that's not not going to  detract from both of your lives how is a  relationship with this person going to  add actually  okay but look i want to put a human face  on it so i think you could have had john  venus instead of me or some other dude  equivalent to john penis okay  so again not just thinking about sex not  just think about so you guys can see  already i'm in okay shape for a  middle-aged man i'm 43  uh i i do 200 push-ups a day that's the  workout i recommend because i don't want  to waste that much time at the gym  yesterday i did 100 push-ups today i'll  do 200 probably yeah  how many i do from day to day varies a  little bit how busy i am whatever well  i'm in okay shape how many push-ups can  john venas do you get you 500 like a  thousand i don't know but like or her  agenda in life is not to find the man  who can do the maximum number of  push-ups or is the max amount of of  muscle mass think about what your life  would actually be with jumping so john  venus  not an intellectual  i don't i don't know if he reads any  books i've never heard him mention a  book but if he reads books at bed john  venus believes in ufos  believes in supernatural hippie  spirituality  and just what your life will be like  every day so every day he wakes up he  goes to the gym multiple times he's  lifting weights he's doing bodybuilding  he's shaving his chest and taking  photographs of himself he's also to my  knowledge his main business is coaching  other people it's the other time he's on  the phone or he's going to visit his  work he's going and helping other people  right exercise  so like like even if you think john  venus is more attractive to me which you  don't  right like so this is just think about  one week of your life what your life is  like with the this guy weekend without  now i'm gonna have something else about  jumpiness that i think is very telling  it's true of a lot of the pretty boys a  lot of good-looking men whether they are  bodybuilders or not whether it is john  venus or it is johnny depp  history of addiction problems  so i'm not putting words in john venus  came out and spoke about this and he  even spoke about just his struggle to  deal with cigarette smoking and that he  was still smoking cigarettes and he hid  it from his wife like he would go and  smoke cigarettes then he would gargle  mouthwash or something but even  cigarettes and alcohol whereas  you don't want that  no no  i had enough experience right being in a  long-term relationship with somebody who  was basically a drug addict and lying to  you about it and stuff too right and  like for me if you think about the  female equivalent of joint you think  about some woman who's really attractive  and is a full-time fitness  coach or something like that  but these same issues believes in in  crazy hippie spirituality ufos like  someone who's intellectually  soft someone who has addiction problems  even if it's just cigarettes alcohol  marijuana or something like it's not  even  uh and we don't know what john venus i  believe his position is he's never used  steroids we don't know i mean steroids  or testosterone but like my point is  obviously  for me also i judge a woman in that way  and yeah you know look at this  even if people aren't aware of it of  course this is the reality of people  yeah yeah no i mean  and i'm trying to get to the very  fundamental questions here with the um  in cell  discussions online and why is it  obviously  um  a mass phenomenon that people are  talking about in seldom and um  not it's not even  it's not even that like it's in general  the topic of relationship advice and  maximizing your  your potential yeah self-improvement  um  you know how much of that is for  yourself and how much of it is for other  people right um  you know there  there's just so much on advice online  and i think a lot of people are doing  these things in order to  um  you know attract another partner and or  you know attract whoever they want into  their lives and um  yeah and this  getting to the heart of the matter  um of of why it is that these people  think that  it's it's hopeless because of their what  they were  the bone structure that they were born  with right like  where fat deposits on their body and  like  how much muscle they can build um  gym maxing and this kind of thing as  opposed to these  uh ideological  um right yeah yeah no i i ideological  intellectual ethical and emotional and  emotional  absolutely okay so the other thing is  you know um  for both women and men but in our  culture this is more obvious with women  for both women and men  we struggle with a sense of  powerlessness in our lives people want  to lead a better life people want to  lead a different life than want to make  a change what can they change most of us  can't go back to college  like sorry for real i've heard gen x  gamer say i would say this you know talk  about how your life could be different  it could be better if you had a  different career different kind of  education or whatever  well most of us can't change that  can you get a new job some people can  some can't you know and partly it's your  own psychological makeup you know okay  like you work at a you work as a nurse  at a hospital can you quit your job and  be a construction worker can you like  there's a sense in which you can like  you think you can get hired but can you  actually endure what it's like to work  in construction when what you're used to  is being a nurse you know for any for  any field so like can you change  um okay what can you change about your  life and notice i'm saying change not  improve  maybe it's going to be worse but so many  people are living with a sense of  powerlessness hopelessness futility that  wants something to change  the one thing they can change is their  sexual partner right and it's it's  tragic more often than not  right and i know that's why a lot of  married women cheat on their husbands  i'm just being real i think men and  women have the same problem i just think  with women it's more visible in our  society right and yes that is partly  because women expect the man to provide  financially it may be a completely false  expectation it may be untrue nine times  out of ten right but like the reality is  for me in my life so you guys know i'm  divorced my first wife was in a phd  program at cambridge university right so  when i uh  look we were de facto married from we  like was high commitment when we first  started dating when she became my  girlfriend and became my wife everything  in my life changed everything option i  can say it's joy now whoever you are if  you're a dude if you divorce the woman  you're with now and get married to a  woman with a phd in anthropology  everything's going to be different in  your life right well again it's more  visible or more transferable  more transparent  it's more obvious with them because  there were women who were they're women  who come out and say openly  they want to break up with their husband  and marry a basketball player because  then their whole life their women's they  want to break with her husband and marry  a guy who works in the stock market it's  a stock broker  they want to break up with their current  husband and be with a medical doctor  whatever the fantasy is right and again  it could just be they want to break up  with their husband and get with a guy  who doesn't watch sports on tv who isn't  a lazy drunk who spends time they want  to be with a guy who's of a different  intellectual caliber different ethical  caliber different emotional caliber some  of those qualities too like my point is  it's not always just money or status or  fame or something that they're that  they're chasing but when it is  women tend to be more open about it's  more openly discussed they're saying all  that stuff goes on with men  all of it  and in a sense it's a little bit worse  with men because with men they're  normally pursuing younger women whereas  the women will be pursuing men of the  same age or older predominantly not  always but but disproportionately that's  the way the age the age gap goes so yeah  my point is this sometimes sex is about  sex  i try to be sex positive a lot of the  time sex is not about sex  and i've got to say face to face when  women come at me sometimes i can feel  that  where it's you know the woman doesn't  want me she wants a whole new life you  know what i mean she wants the solution  to all her problems she wants guidance  sometimes sometimes when they want a  cult leader you know what i mean like  they want a new religion  um  well look i don't think i'm special i  think that's going on for a lot of men  and a lot of women and you know again  it's more shameful for a man to admit  that about a woman it's much harder in  our society for a man to admit that he  pursued a woman  he married one because he wanted to be a  better person himself he wanted a better  life right whereas it's easy for a woman  to say  like she chose this man because she  wanted to step up she wants  so that's that's a lot of what's going  on okay uh oh so charlie donated five  dollars for melissa getting on camera  and he adds  she is absolutely beautiful and stunning  you're a lucky man  we get both at this channel we get we  get uh we get pro-melissa people we get  anti-melissa people  [Laughter]  um  yeah it's certainly difficult to imagine  how different the channel would be today  if melissa had never had never come into  it she's had a subtle but pervasive  issue from from the first week we were  together remember we did a live stream  very memorable live stream right at the  beginning of the relationship when you  killed kim  all right um  so look this is my conclusion about the  video um  it's easy to present your argument to  someone who's committed to the in-cell  view of the world by saying within the  narrow range of your worldview  this this and this are wrong to present  yourself as if hey my view of the world  my life what's meaningful to me is the  same as what you believe in but negating  this this and this like you know okay so  you have these uh kind of woman blaming  attitudes you have these attitudes that  all women only care about appearances  and money and status you have these  kinds of very reductionistic attitudes  towards women's motives whatever escape  so so you're saying the person i'm the  same as you but i'm the same as you  except and again if you have a friend  who's muslim and they say hey how's your  life different as an atheist oh well i'm  just like you as a muslim except i don't  do this i don't do this i don't believe  in this after that you know my life is  the same as yours but without prayer and  circumcision right and for the purposes  of just one conversation right  the same even with being a vegan  if you tell your grandmother say you  have a cranky old grandmother who is not  really interested in hearing your  philosophy or politics or worldview say  oh well gee grandma my life is just the  same as yours but when i eat cereal for  breakfast when i have boxed cereal like  shreddies for breakfast i don't put cow  milk on it i put soy milk on it you know  you can give this as this kind of  you're taking a narrow world view and  you're making it narrower through  negation  and what nihilism is all about  is instead making your worldview broader  through negation where it's like no no  no this is the meaning of life for me  whereas this is the meaning of life for  you  this is what's possible for me it's this  grander all-encompassing worldview  things are thinkable to me things are  imaginable for me things are possible  for me things are enjoyable for me and  things are rewarding in the sense of  being meaningful for me that won't be  for you because you have this much  narrower worldview and i think the art  of making progressing from frankly a  teenage perspective on the world to a  robust mature  middle-aged view of the world is  learning how to engage with people on  both that higher level of analysis and  in a sense that more  fundamental in some ways more shallow  level of communication because  you don't just want to get across to  someone  your life would be so much better  if you could understand  what i understand  i want you to know  that your life would be so much better  if you could feel  what i feel  you